[docs] Clean up dev-client bare React Native Installation docs (#18022)
expo/expo: docs/pages/development/installation.md

import { Tab, Tabs } from '~/components/plugins/Tabs';
import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

> Note: These docs assume a basic level of familiarity with React-Native. If you are new to React-Native, please see the [React-Native docs](https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started).

> The installation steps on this page are only required to add the `expo-dev-client` library to a React Native or Bare project. To add a the `expo-dev-client` library to an existing managed project, see our [Getting Started guide](getting-started.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation steps on this page are only required to add the `expo-dev-client` library to a React Native or bare project. To add a the `expo-dev-client` library to an existing managed project, see our [Getting Started guide](getting-started.md).
```

i personally prefer "bare" instead of "Bare" - we need to settle which direction to go with this in our writing docs

If you're just starting your project, you can run the following command to create a new project with Expo modules pre-installed: 

<Terminal cmd={["$ npx crna -y myapp"]} />

<!-- TODO: Get this to work when you run `eas build` -->
<!-- If you're just starting your project, you can run the following command to create a new project from our template and then [skip to building](/development/getting-started.md#creating-and-installing-your-first-development-build):

<Terminal cmd={["$ npx crna -t with-dev-client"]} /> -->

## 1. Installation

If you don't already have `expo` listed as a dependency in your `package.json`, go ahead and **[install Expo modules](../bare/installing-expo-modules)**. Expo modules (`expo`) allows you to seamlessly install any library from the Expo SDK. 

Now, let's go ahead and install `expo-dev-client`.

<InstallSection packageName="expo-development-client" cmd={["# Navigate to your new app", "cd myapp", "", "# Install expo-dev-client", "expo install expo-dev-client"]} hideBareInstructions />

### 🍏 iOS

> <Tabs tabs={["Expo SDK 45+", "Expo SDK below 45"]}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Tabs tabs={["Expo SDK 45+", "Expo SDK <= 44"]}>
```

import { Tab, Tabs } from '~/components/plugins/Tabs';
import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

> > Note: These docs assume a basic level of familiarity with React-Native. If you are new to React-Native, please see the [React-Native docs](https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: These docs assume a basic level of familiarity with React Native. If you are new to React Native, learn how to get started with [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started).
```

For consistency reasons, let's use "React Native" without the hyphen. Also, React Native's branding doesn't use hyphen.

> The installation steps on this page are only required to add the `expo-dev-client` library to a React Native or bare project. To add a the `expo-dev-client` library to an existing managed project, see our [Getting Started guide](getting-started.md).

Reviewer 2: Just a small typo:
```suggestion
The installation steps on this page are only required to add the `expo-dev-client` library to a React Native or bare project. To add the `expo-dev-client` library to an existing managed project, see our [Getting Started guide](getting-started.md).
```

> If you're just starting your project, you can run the following command to create a new project with Expo modules pre-installed: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are starting a new project, run the following command to create it with Expo modules pre-installed: 
```

Author: I made a change to this language, but slightly different from your suggestion

> <Terminal cmd={["$ npx crna -y myapp"]} />

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<Terminal cmd={["$ npx create-expo-app my-app"]} />
```
Shouldn't we recommend `create-expo-app` instead? Alternate form will be `yarn/npm create expo-app`.

<!-- TODO: Get this to work when you run `eas build` -->

> <!-- If you're just starting your project, you can run the following command to create a new project from our template and then [skip to building](/development/getting-started.md#creating-and-installing-your-first-development-build):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- If you are starting a new project, run the following command to create it from our template and then [skip to building](/development/getting-started#creating-and-installing-your-first-development-build):
```

> <Terminal cmd={["$ npx crna -t with-dev-client"]} /> -->

Reviewer 3: Same as above.

Author: does `npx create-expo-app my-app` work with `with-dev-client`?

## 1. Installation

> If you don't already have `expo` listed as a dependency in your `package.json`, go ahead and **[install Expo modules](../bare/installing-expo-modules)**. Expo modules (`expo`) allows you to seamlessly install any library from the Expo SDK. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't have `expo` listed as a dependency in your project's **package.json**, go ahead and **[install Expo modules](../bare/installing-expo-modules)**. Expo modules (`expo`) allow you to seamlessly install any library from the Expo SDK. 
```

Now, let's go ahead and install `expo-dev-client`.

> <InstallSection packageName="expo-development-client" cmd={["# Navigate to your new app", "cd myapp", "", "# Install expo-dev-client", "expo install expo-dev-client"]} hideBareInstructions />

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<InstallSection packageName="expo-development-client" cmd={[
  "# Navigate to your new app", 
  "cd myapp", 
  "",
  "# Install expo-dev-client",
  "expo install expo-dev-client"
]} hideBareInstructions />
```

Formatting just for the editor's readability. 🙂

> ### 🍏 iOS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### iOS
```

Let's remove the emoji 👍 We recently updated some of the guides to remove emojis (WIP)

> <Tabs tabs={["Expo SDK 45+", "Expo SDK <= 44"]}>

Reviewer 4: Given that this is targeted at RN developers, this should probably talk about RN version rather than Expo version
44 uses 0.64.3
45 uses 0.68.2

Author: Is this to say that no one running a version of RN less than 68.2 will ever be running Expo SDK 45? If so, I think your suggestion is valid. Otherwise, I think it makes more sense to talk about this in terms of the Expo SDK, rather than the RN version.

Author: @tcdavis I think I'd push back here as, by the time the reader is at this point in the documentation, they already have `expo` installed. Curious what @amandeepmittal and @Simek think, as well. Open to changing this to RN version though.

<InstallSection packageName="expo-development-client" cmd={["npx pod-install"]} hideBareInstructions />

> Also, make sure that your project is configured to deploy on an iOS version of _at least 12_.
> To do that, open Xcode and go to General > Deployment Info, and select an iOS version of at least 12.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure that your project is configured to deploy on an iOS version of _at least 12_. To do that, open Xcode, go to General > Deployment Info, and select an iOS version of at least 12.0.
```

I think this is an existing formatting issue on this page. (for the second line it was using new line in the markdown but rendering in the same paragraph). Not related to the changes you made 👍

## 2. Basic configuration

> Development builds use deep links to open projects via a QR code. If you have added a custom deep link scheme to your project, your development build will use it. However, if this isn't the case, you need to configure deep link support for your app. The `uri-scheme` package will do this for you, once you have chosen a scheme. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Development builds use deep links to open projects via a QR code. If you are adding a custom deep link scheme to your project, your development build will use it. However, if this isn't the case, you need to configure deep link support for your app. Once you have chosen a scheme, the `uri-scheme` package will do this for you. 
```

Author: I don't understand the "have added" vs "are adding" suggestion, can you elaborate @amandeepmittal

Reviewer 2: Was just trying to avoid any passive voice usage. This is something I am trying to push for all new docs or updates to the existing docs. 

Now you point it out, I think you meant that the custom deep link scheme already exists in the project. Feel free to revert the suggestion.

I also think since this documentation is following a "path" for the user to create a new project and then add the expo-dev-client package, why would they have a custom deep linking set up before? Are there any scenarios/use cases where it may be implied that the custom deep link scheme is already configured?

Author: I imagine that deep linking can be configured in a standalone RN project, beyond the scope of expo-dev-client (you want a link from an article or your website to deep link a user into a nested view within your app). This guide is meant for readers who are both creating new projects or have an existing project. Does that address your question?

Reviewer 2: Yes, it does. Thank you for explaining the context of "existing apps".

> A scheme simply tells your device's operating system which app to open based on the part of a URL preceeding the colon. For example, in `exp://192.168.4.54:19000`, `exp` is the scheme and your device will leave it to Expo Go (the app matching the `exp` scheme) to interpret `192.168.4.54:19000`, assuming everything is properly configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A scheme tells your device's operating system which app to open based on the part of a URL preceding the colon. For example, in `exp://192.168.4.54:19000`, `exp` is the scheme, and your device will leave it to Expo Go (the app matching the `exp` scheme) to interpret `192.168.4.54:19000`, assuming everything is properly configured.
```

> If you haven't already done so, make up your own scheme and run the following command to configure deep link support for your app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you haven't already, create your scheme and run the following command to configure deep link support for your app.
```

Author: @amandeepmittal I'm not sure I agree with this change in language, can you elaborate on why you think your suggestion is clearer for the reader?

Reviewer 2: Using the word "own" seems redundant next to the word "your".

<InstallSection packageName="expo-development-client" cmd={["npx uri-scheme add <your scheme>"]} hideBareInstructions />

See the [uri-scheme package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/uri-scheme) for more information.

> ### 🍏 iOS

Reviewer 2: Can you please remove these emojis from headers (I know they are unrelated to your PR) and also the "🎉 " ones 🙇

> <Tabs tabs={["Expo SDK 45+", "Expo SDK below 45"]}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Tabs tabs={["Expo SDK 45+", "Expo SDK <= 44"]}>
```

<ConfigurationDiff source="/static/diffs/client/app-delegate-expo-modules.diff" />
</Tab>

</Tabs>

### 🤖 Android

> <Tabs tabs={["Expo SDK 45+", "Expo SDK below 45"]}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Tabs tabs={["Expo SDK 45+", "Expo SDK <= 44"]}>
```

<ConfigurationDiff source="/static/diffs/client/main-activity-and-application-expo-modules.diff" />
</Tab>

</Tabs>

## 3. Optional configuration

> There are a few more changes you can make to get the best experience, but you [can skip ahead to building](/development/getting-started.md#creating-and-installing-your-first-development-build), if you prefer.

Author: I removed the link to skip but kept the language that indicates that this is optional.

<ConfigurationDiff source="/static/diffs/client/main-activity-and-application-expo-modules.diff" />
</Tab>

</Tabs>

## 3. Optional configuration

> There are a few more changes you can make to get the best experience, if you prefer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can make a few more changes to get the best experience if you prefer.
```

Author: I have made some of these changes but I don't think the "You can make a" makes this easier to read.

Reviewer 2: If you don't think it's easier to read, ignore this change. But I'd still suggest removing the phrase "if you prefer". I think the docs are pretty clear with the header of this section that the following configuration is optional.

### Add better error handlers

> Sometimes, for certain types of errors, we can provide more helpful error messages than the ones that ship by default with React Native. To turn this feature on, you need to import `expo-dev-client` in the entry point of your app (in the managed workflow, you need to add this import at the top of your **App.{js|tsx}**). Make sure that the import statement is above `import App from './App'`.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure why referencing managed workflow here is relevant. At the start of this doc, it is referencing the user to read the separate doc if they want to use `expo-dev-client` with managed workflow.

Author: agreed

> ### Add better error handlers

Reviewer 4: This one in particular people should hopefully not be skipping

Author: I moved this one to the top, to indicate its importance.

> Note: This will only affect the application in which you make this change. If you want to load multiple projects from a single development app, you'll need to add this import statement to each project.

### Disable packager autostart when building for iOS

> When you start your project on iOS, the metro bundler will be started automatically. This behavior might not be ideal when you want to use `expo start`. Our recommended solution is to remove the `Start Packager` action from building scripts. To do that you need to open the Xcode, go to "Build Phases" and remove the "Start Packager" action.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you start your project on iOS, the metro bundler starts automatically. This behavior might not be ideal when you want to use `expo start`. The recommended solution is to remove the `Start Packager` action from building scripts. To do that, you need to open the Xcode, go to "Build Phases", and remove the "Start Packager" action.
```

<img src="/static/images/client/remove_start_packager.png" style={{maxWidth: "100%" }}/>

### Loading published updates

> Development builds can also open and preview published updates to your app. To add this feature to your existing project, [add `expo-updates` to your app](../bare/installing-updates.md), if it isn't already installed. Otherwise, if you are working from a template, you won't need to make any changes beyond the following commands:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Development builds can also open and preview published updates to your app. To add this feature to your existing project, [add `expo-updates` to your app](/bare/installing-updates.md), if it isn't already installed. Otherwise, if you are working from a template, you won't need to make any changes beyond the following commands:
```

We should avoid using relative links if possible.

Reviewer 2: While following the guide, I don't understand (from a the first time user's perspective) what are "published updates"? Can we add a little bit more context here or provide a link from an internal docs like: https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/glossary-of-terms/#updates?

I think to be grammatically correct, it could be `publish updates`.

I also think we'd remove the phrase: "if it isn't already installed". I think from the following the guide, we know expo-update pkg isn't installed by default when I create a bare react native app (using CRNA).

### Loading published updates

> Development builds can also open and preview published updates to your app. To add this feature, add `expo-updates@0.13.2` or newer to your app if it isn't already installed, and add a small additional integration in your **AppDelegate.m** and **MainApplication.java** files.

Reviewer: we should get rid of the version here so we don't have to update it between every release

1. [Install `expo-updates` in your project](../bare/installing-updates.md).
2. Make the following changes to complete the integration with `expo-updates`:

<ConfigurationDiff source="/static/diffs/client/app-delegate-updates.diff" />

<ConfigurationDiff source="/static/diffs/client/main-application-updates.diff" />

## 4. Build and Install

> You're now ready to [build your first development build](/development/getting-started/#creating-and-installing-your-first-development-build).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're now ready to [build your first development build](/development/getting-started.md#creating-and-installing-your-first-development-build).
```
